This project was my first time using aws services to create an api that uses the GET method to call a Lambda function, and the lambda function utilizes an S3 bucket holding a prediction method in order to predict the price of a house. 

For this project, a decision tree prediction method was used on data from https://towardsdatascience.com/machine-learning-project-predicting-boston-house-prices-with-regression-b4e47493633d which had ~500 entries of influential housing price features, of which only 4 were used (MEDV as price, student/teacher ratio, poverty rate %, and number of rooms in the house). This prediction model was then pickled and placed in an S3 bucket named housemodelgbr1823. An api to call the lambda function was then made and given a test stage. The GET method was invoked for the api and an http link was generated so that the api may be called via a browser. The lambda function was then developed. The function reads query results from the http request and fetches the model from the S3 bucket. The function then uses the fetched model on the query results and forms an http response containing the predicted house price, which is then sent back to the user. In the lambda function there is also a lambda layer, which allows the funtion to use the scikit learn python package (you can obtain the arn from here: https://github.com/model-zoo/scikit-learn-lambda/blob/master/layers.csv). However, this scikit-learn package version is quite old, so it would be beneficial if an up to date arn for scikit-learn is obtained and used.  
